When will your idea transform from a casual
side-hustle into a full-blown business?
Is it when your podcast gets sponsorships,
when your catering company is booked for 5
NOTE This is a comment, user should not saw this in video
weekends straight, or when you’ve sold your
100th bottle of Slug-be-Gone?
Basically, when do things get REAL?
I can’t tell you when you’ll start to
feel like a businessperson, but the world
NOTE This is a comment, user should not saw this in video
recognizes it when you legally register your
formal business structure.
You could be an LLC.
Or a C-Corp.
Or a B-Corp.
Or a Co-op.
So many different letters!
It can be daunting to move from the abstract
idea stage to the realm of bank accounts,